MNT Add section on new changelog entries to `v1.6.rst` (#30135)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

  For a short description of the main highlights of the release, please refer to
  :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_release_highlights_plot_release_highlights_1_6_0.py`.

..
  DELETE WHEN 1.6.0 IS RELEASED

>   Starting from v1.6.0, scikit-learn will be using `towncrier` to manage the
>   changelog. Each changelog entry should be it's own file and live in
>   `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/`, within the relevant module named folder.
>   The file should be named with the format `<PR_number>.<type>.rst`, and
>   contain a single bullet point changelog entry, with user name but without PR
>   number.
>   See `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/README.md` for full details.
> 

Reviewer: I think using `towncrier` is a detail that contributors shouldn't care about. This might be more relevant?

```suggestion
To add your changelog, create a file under the right folder under
`doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes` with file format `<PULL REQUEST>.<TYPE>.rst`, where
`<PULL REQUEST>` is a pull request number, and `<TYPE>` is one of:

* `major-feature`
* `feature`
* `efficiency`
* `enhancement`
* `fix`
* `api`

Example:

- :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesClassifier` and :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor`
  now supports missing values in the data matrix `X`. Missing-values are
  handled by randomly moving all of the samples to the left, or right child
  node as the tree is traversed.
  By :user:`Adam Li <adam2392>`

  See `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/README.md` for full details.

```

Reviewer 2: It might be a good idea to mention that some updates (e.g., changes to private methods) don't require a changelog entry.

Author: @adrinjalali done. I mostly wanted to include the fact that there was a change in how we do changelogs, for people fixing merge conflicts in that file and thinking that they have done something wrong (like I did :sweat_smile: ). I included a sentence that just says we changed things. Happy to amend.

Reviewer: I think you missed the newlines when you copy pasted the code.

  For a short description of the main highlights of the release, please refer to
  :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_release_highlights_plot_release_highlights_1_6_0.py`.

> .. DELETE WHEN 1.6.0 IS RELEASED
> .. Changelog management has changed in v1.6.0.
> .. To add your changelog, create a file under the right folder under
> .. `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes` with file format `<PULL REQUEST>.<TYPE>.rst`, where
> .. `<PULL REQUEST>` is a pull request number, and `<TYPE>` is one of:
> .. * `major-feature`
> .. * `feature`
> .. * `efficiency`
> .. * `enhancement`
> .. * `fix`
> .. * `api`
> .. Example of a changelog file:
> .. - :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesClassifier` and :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor`
> ..   now supports missing values in the data matrix `X`. Missing-values are
> ..   handled by randomly moving all of the samples to the left, or right child
> ..   node as the tree is traversed.
> ..   By :user:`Adam Li <adam2392>`
> .. See `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/README.md` for full details.
> .. Note only pull requests that result in a change relevant to users require a
> .. changelog entry (e.g., changes to private functions do not require a changelog).

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/30135#issuecomment-2432042934 was thumbed up by @adrinjalali so using this as a suggestion. @lucyleeow feel free to tweak it as you wish:

```suggestion
..
  TODO DELETE WHEN 1.6.0 IS RELEASED
  Since October 2024, DO NOT add your changelog entry in this file.

  Instead, create a file named `<PR_number>.<type>.rst` in the relevant sub-folder in
  `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/`. For full details, see:
  https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/README.md
```

Author: > Since October 2024, DO NOT add your changelog entry in this file

This is perfect, tells the user exactly when the change happened and includes nothing they don't need to know, i don't know why I didn't say this :sweat_smile: 

Note the extra `..` is because multiline comments do not seem to be able to contain blank lines
